Patches for 1.13.1 (#2102)
namehash/ensnode: .changeset/fifty-humans-wait.md

---
"ensapi": minor
---

> Protocol accelertation is now available for data indexed from ENSv1 namespaces. ENSv2 namespaces will be supported in the future.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Continue to support protocol acceleration for data indexed from ENSv1 namespaces. Protocol acceleration for data indexed from ENSv2 namespaces will be supported in the near future.
```
